Reword RHEL to EL for Leapp upgrades (#2778)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_upgrading-hosts-to-next-major-release.adoc

.. In the *Job Template* dropdown menu, select your template.
.. Click *Submit*.
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*.
. Select the hosts that you want to upgrade to the next major {EL} version.

> . In the *Schedule Remote Job* drop down menu, select *Preupgrade check with Leapp*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Schedule Remote Job* list, select *Preupgrade check with Leapp*.
```
This is recommended by the IBM style guide, and IMHO shorter name for an UI element is better.

Reviewer: Also, I see you removed "Enter the required information and start the pre-upgrade check.". While this seems like on obvious thing to do, if users still need to do something manually in there, I would rather be explicit about it. I am unable to verify right now, so if all the things concerning the check are automatic, you can ignore this comment.

Author: You cannot enter any information (at least I could not): the REX job just starts and you have to "search" for the URL on the same page under "Recent jobs"; it does not return any information or forward you somewhere. Can you reproduce this?

Reviewer: I cannot, but I am going to trust your word. You can ignore my second comment in this thread.

Author: No rush with this PR; maybe someone else wants to have a look at my diff next week.

Author: Applied your initial suggestion from https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/2778#discussion_r1484440638 :heavy_check_mark:
